a loyal friend is no one I'd sooner
trust my life with a loving woman do you
take this woman to be your mr. bragin
a promising future Namie of fanatics has
attacked a British fortress in the Sudan
congratulations to you all we are
shipping off to war
until he questioned sometimes wonder
what a godforsaken desert has to do with
Her Majesty the Queen an unjust war
means he's at our feet the first soldier
in the Richmond easily these barracks
immediately
you're all the matters to me now but
saving his friend
it's not just about us chatting give his
life for you is the one mission cross
the desert can you take me there alone
can you speak Arabic I can learn and you
got to look like an hour worth fighting
for
why is it so important to follow our
friends to help them if I can this ball
only bullets one letter make account
Paramount Pictures and Miramax Films we
will reserve the dignity of our Empire
take you across two continents
teleporters go down go behind enemy
lines
I saw them taken alive your arm you
abandoned them
just come back to me safely you're
responsible to yourself I am responsible
to my friends
there
the four feathers
[Music]